![][1]
This is a guest post by [Jeffrey Zeldman][2]. Dubbed "King of Web Standards" by
Business Week, Jeffrey founded[A List Apart][3], the design conference An Event
Apart and the publishing house A Book Apart. Jeffrey has written two[books][4]
and was the first designer inducted in the SXSW Interactive Hall of Fame.

Happiness in work isn't merely a question of skills; it's about who you are,
how you relate to others, and how others see you.

In 20 years of working for other people, I never got a significant promotion,
never made real money, was never given any true authority over the creative 
product. Finally I quit. By the second year of working for myself, I was making 
substantially more than I had earned working for other people. Within five years,
I had earned a reputation—something I had never achieved previously. Today I 
earn many times what I made at the peak of my career working for others. Much 
more importantly, I'm happy creatively and professionally. I love the people I 
work with today, because I chose to work with them.

Not everyone can be a freelancer, or a founder, or a boss—and there are
plenty of people far more talented than me who are happy working for someone 
else. (I know, because I've hired a few, and I'm thankful.) "Quit your job to 
succeed" isn't the takeaway here. That's what worked for me, but it might be 
wrong for you. The takeaway for you is, know yourself, and find what works for 
you. Find it now. Don't waste two decades or even two years beating your head 
against a wall. If your job offers the right intellectual and creative 
challenges, but you don't look forward to Monday morning, you're in the wrong 
place.

![][5]
##### Dan Counsell

Founder of Realmac Software

![][6]
##### Nathan Barry

Founder of ConvertKit

![][7]
##### Pieter Omvlee

Founder of Bohemian Coding

## Learn from experienced founders

Each month, an experienced founder shares a lesson learned. Sign up to get
notified.

###### We won't send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time.

 [1]: img/author.jpg
 [2]: http://twitter.com/zeldman
 [3]: http://www.alistapart.com

 [4]: http://www.amazon.com/Jeffrey-Zeldman/e/B001IGLM52/ref=sr_tc_2_0?qid=1428563077&sr=1-2-ent
 [5]: img/btc-author-counsell@2x.jpg
 [6]: img/btc-author-barry@2x.jpg
 [7]: img/btc-author-omvlee@2x.jpg